updated eof: event (#628)
splitio/ruby-client: CHANGES.txt

CHANGES

8.11.1 (Jul, 23, 2026)

> - Added a retry mechanism if initial connection to streaming server failed, and enforced retry mechanism when socket exceptions are caught during streaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a retry mechanism in case the initial SSE socket connection failed, and extended the list of retryable errors when socket exceptions are caught during streaming.
```
